# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Minutes Specs
- Team Name: Runtime Terror
- Meeting Date: 11/06/2021
- Meeting Time: 12:30PM - 1:30PM
- Location: via Zoom
- Minutes Taker: Ruby Marroquin

## Members Present 
- Pranav Janjam
- Reyner Santonius
- Ruby Marroquin
- Ting-Yun Yeh (Victoria)
- Justin Nguyen
- Jieun Lee (Jenny)
- Jerry Zhang
- Quoc-zuy Do
- Dorsa Tayebipour

## Members Absent 
- Yoomin Oh

## Meeting Agenda
1. Updates
2. Task assignment
3. Questions, comments, concerns

Notes: 
- Ruby asked the team if there were any questions, comments, or concerns that have been raised?
  - Dorsa asked what exactly do we plan on doing with the ADR templates?
    - Ruby stated that this would be simple because all you have to do is follow the link, copy the template, and create it because we have a checkpoint. 
    - Ruby also mentioned that certain team members have been assigned to these ADRs since they may have more involvement / better understanding. 
- Ruby mentioned that the designers will need to begin doing research given that we are still behind on what we plan the website to look like. 
  - Ruby suggested looking at recipe websites for inspiration. 
- Dorsa asked how do we plan on getting inspiration for the websites?
  - Ruby stated that we are going to have to find them ourselves. 
- Dorsa also asked what does the team plan on doing with the Wireframes?
  - Ruby stated that it may be better to begin editing the wireframes fromt he last time since they were not so detailed. 
  - Jenny stated that we are not in that big of a rush given that we do not plan on utilizing them for a while. 
  - Ruby also mentioned that the actual styling won't be achieved until the end of the quarter since it would be hard given that the html/js files will be getting edited/created often. 
  - Dorsa expressed concern because she mentioned that Victoria and her need feedback for improvements. 
    - Ruby stated that although we would like to see them as soon as progress as been made based on the feedback provided on slack. 
    - Jenny stated that for the time being, they [Victoria, Dorsa] have time to decide which feedback to take/accept.      
- The team began to discuss potential ADRs that are needed.
  - Someone mentioned ratings and whether or not we plan to utilize them. 
    - Ruby stated it would not be necessary and should go against it. 
    - The team agreed. 
  - Does the team still plan on incorporating tags?
    - Ruby mentioned that tags are independent of sorting and should be included for searching recipes. 
    - The team agreed. 
  - Justin asked whether the users should be allowed to create their own tags?
    - Quoc and Pranav both disagreed that it would be a bad idea. 
      - They both stated that it would be problematic because some users will have different words for certain recipes but are considered the same elsewhere. 
        - Quoc stated that there should be a universal standard. 
        - The team agreed. 
    - The team talked about whether the UI should be a mobile or desktop? 
      - The team decided that desktop would be best. 
  
## Unfinished Business

## Action Plan 
- Completed assigned tasks, check #assigned-tasks on Slack. 