# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Minutes Specs
- Team Name: Runtime Terror
- Meeting Date: 11/17/2021
- Meeting Time: 5PM - 5:30PM
- Location: via Zoom
- Minutes Taker: Ruby Marroquin

## Members Present 
- Pranav Janjam
- Reyner Santonius
- Ruby Marroquin
- Ting-Yun Yeh (Victoria)
- Justin Nguyen
- Jieun Lee (Jenny)
- Jerry Zhang

## Members Absent 
- Quoc-zuy Do
- Yoomin Oh
- Dorsa Tayebipour

## Meeting Agenda
1. Stand up with Cora. 

Notes: 
- Jerry: 
  - Initial steps of the build pipeline.
  - Haven't been assigned a task but will be dispensable when needed.
- Jenny: 
  - Couldn't attend last weekâ€™s meeting, trying to catch up. 
  - Set up the retrospective using Retrium. 
  - Changed repo to private. 
  - Cora: for deployment it can't be private but before deployment, have it private. 
    - Cora also mentioned that there's going to come a point where we need to make it public 
- Victoria: 
  - I got the recipe card and recipe expand HTML template done, and I'm going to start the CSS template tonight
- Justin: 
  - Spending time getting grunt set up.
  - Still needs to validate some things.
  - This week will be working on assigned github issue.
- Pranav: 
  - Past week and last meeting, figuring out how to figure out the pipeline stuff.
  - This coming week will be working on the SPA for the homepage.
- Reyner: 
  - Working on the linting stuff, assigned to work on the SPA part of the assignment for this week.
  - Make sure its displaying ingredients in more details.
- Ruby: 
  - Last week I basically did an HTML skeleton for the Homepage of the website. For this week I've been setting up the backend so far this week and hope to get the login feature started. 
- Justin asked a question: For the code quality via tool is that like paid for a private repo? 
- Cora stated the following: 
    - Some that were displayed on Canvas, some are paid for use but we can try and reach out to get the fee waived
    - CodeFactor.io -- might be free to use 
    - These tools do some stuff like linting but it's more about talking about the code we wrote and how we can improve it.
      - Better test case, different angles and inputs. 
    - For the rest of the CI/CD pipeline need to be in there by the 30th.
- Jenny asked a question: for the retrospective of the file, should we include screenshots or should we type it? 
  - Cora stated the following:
    - Take some meeting notes 
    - Needed one file for the retrospective.
    - Does not say that it needs to be posted in meetings, but might want to put it there just to be safe, placed in meeting folders. 
    - For now, copy and paste what was said in the retrospective.

## Unfinished Business

## Action Plan 
- Read meeting notes above. 
