# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Minutes Specs
- Team Name: Runtime Terror
- Meeting Date: 11/13/2021
- Meeting Time: 12:30PM - 1:30PM
- Location: via Zoom
- Minutes Taker: Ruby Marroquin

## Members Present 
- Pranav Janjam
- Reyner Santonius
- Ruby Marroquin
- Ting-Yun Yeh (Victoria)
- Justin Nguyen
- Jieun Lee (Jenny)
- Jerry Zhang
- Quoc-zuy Do
- Yoomin Oh
- Dorsa Tayebipour


## Members Absent 

## Meeting Agenda
1. Sprint meeting, demonstrate what has been achieved. 

Notes: 
- Ruby asked the team who would like to begin or demonstrate what they have been able to complete since the last Sprint meeting. 
- Jerry, Quoc:
  - Demonstrated the HTML/JS Skeleton created. Received helped from other team members. 
  - Completed the new recipe page where the user will be able to complete / create their new recipes. 
  - Followed up that more work will be needed to be done which means converting this form to the database. 
- Jenny: 
  - Although Jenny was not present, the team went over the HTML Skeletons created by Jenny. 
  - The HTML Skeleton was completed and does not need to use JSlint given that it was not created with an JS. 
  - The personâ€™s page will now need to be edited by Dorsa and Victoria using CSS. 
- Ruby: 
  - Demonstrated her HTML skeleton. 
  - Assigned the Homepage and included placeholders for the recipe cards until the designers complete them. 
  - Homepage included buttons that none of them are functional since no JS was used. 
- Victoria, Dorsa: 
  - Have began creating the new recipe card but do not have anything to show at the moment. 
  - Stated that it should be done by tomorrow, but won't be able to show until the next meeting (possibly Monday). 
- Yoomin, Justin: 
  - Was  assigned doing tasks that needed to begin doing research for connecting the front end and back end. 
  - Do not have anything to show at the moment since not HTML/JS/CSS tasks were assigned. 
- Reyner, Quoc, Pranav, Justin: 
  - Began the creating of the login/account creation. 
  - Showed a short demonstration of the webpage. 
- Began discussion to begin prepping for the next retrospective and sprint meeting. 
- Justin stated that on Wednesday, during the standup with Cora, Cora stated that the Pipeline is due next Monday. 
  - As a brief catch up, Justin mentioned that during the standup, the group set up a diagram for the build a pipeline which can be found on figma. 
- Justin stated that Cora posted a message on slack which stated that there is a checkpoint for the pipeline and that two options need to be completed. 
  - Additionally, there can be more than two if there is time / the team is able to. These can be completed during the next meeting. 
  - Justin stated that the easiest one would probably be requiring pull reviews whenever members push code. 
  - Justin also mentioned that linting and code style enforcement may also be a simple one that can be completed. 
  - The team agreed. 
- Ruby stated that that would be a good idea and also asked if any slides regarding this topic have been posted?
  - Justin stated that the professor just posted some in the cse110 slack channel. 
  - Jerry mentioned that google has a certain guideline and we can just pick one of those
  - Justin stated that if you look at slide 63, we can just look up the linting and follow that and we can also do the pull request review 
- The team is making a decision whether or not the make a single page web app where there are tabs that can be used to switch between. 
  - Quoc stated that it might be better if we have a hybrid solution that has certain pages not be a single load while others we can keep 
  - The team decided that this would be a good idea. 
  - Quoc mentioned that the homepage must be edited accordingly in order to fit this criteria. 
- Ruby stated that for the next Sprint, team members will have to demonstrate what they have done. The next Sprint will be on Saturday. 
- Justin, Reyner, Pranav: 
  - These four team members will be assigned to working on the SPA home page. 
  - Part of the tasks will include HTML skelectons with the recipe cards provided by Dorsa and Victoria. 
- Justin: 
  - Will be responsible for setting up the CI/CD pipeline. 
- Ruby: 
  - Responsible for setting up the backend using MongoDB or Firebase. 
- Dorsa, Victoria: 
  - Will be responsible for getting started on the CSS/Design elements of the HTML skeletons created. 
- Quoc, Yoomin: 
  - Will be responsible for creating a recipe .json form from the inputs provided. 
- Jerry: 
  - Be available for tasks when needed. 
  - Make sure to ask if other team members need help.
- Jenny: 
  - Responsible for setting up the retrospective meeting.   

## Unfinished Business

## Action Plan 
- Read meeting notes above. 
